Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪♪
[ Rumbling ]
[ Insects and birds chirping ]
[ Loud banging ]
-Dad?
-[ Sighs ]
Could you stop doing that?
-What?
-The huff.
I just took the butter
out of the fridge.
Is that okay with you?
-Lilly would have left it
out to soften
while she made her toast.
-Well. she's not here. is she?
Your sister left us.
What do you want me to do.
tie her up?
-Probably would have been
your next step.
-Are you even sick?
[ Dog barking and siren
wailing in distance ]
-[ Gasps. whimpers ]
-You don't look that sick to me.
-Dad. please.
-Eat.
Am I talking to the walls?
-What if I'm not hungry?
-I don't care.
We don't waste food
in this house.
[ Woman screaming ]
[ Loud banging ]
-Help me!
-Dad?
-Help me. someone!
-[ Banging continues ]
-Stay here.
-[ Door opens ]
-Hey!
-Owww!
-[ Siren wailing ]
[ People screaming.
tires screeching ]
[ Gunshot ]
[ Indistinct yelling ]
[ Screaming continues ]
[ Door slams open ]
[ Hurried footsteps ]
-[ Gasps ] What?
-We need to get out of here.
We need to leave.
-Dad!
[ Screaming continues ]
♪♪
[ Engine revving ]
-[ Growling ]
[ Snarling ]
-[ Snarling ]
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
-[ Screaming ]
[ Snarling ]
-Dad?
-Get in the basement.
-What's going on?!
-Get in the basement now!
Now! Now!
[ Glass shatters ]
-[ Screaming ]
[ Alarm beeping ]
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Snarling ]
[ Hissing ]
♪♪
[ Growls ]
-Aah!
[ Both yelling and screaming ]
♪♪
-[ Flesh tears ]
-Aah!
[ Screaming ]
♪♪
-Dad!
-[ Growling ]
-Die!
-[ Yelling ]
-What?
[ Siren wailing ]
Honey.
-No.
[ Busy signal beeping ]
-Sloane!
[ Busy signal continues ]
♪♪
[ Death-metal music playing ]
-Shh. shh.
-What?
-Listen.
[ Music playing faintly
in distance ]
-[ Breathing shakily ]
-There was only one car
in the parking lot.
♪♪
[ The Age of Electric's "I
Don't Mind" playing on stereo ]
-♪ Fashion equals fascism ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Bolan smiling down
on your empty intentions ♪
♪ Vacant grace ♪
-[ Soft banging ]
♪ Fall or fly ♪
♪ I don't mind. I don't mind ♪
-♪ Fall or fly ♪
-♪ I'll try anything ♪
-[ Snarling ]
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Hypersensitive ♪
-♪ Keep me up like greasy spoon
truck-stop coffee ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Supermodel razorburn ♪
-♪ Talking circle graphs ♪
♪ And eye candy and fun fur ♪
♪ PVC ♪
[ Banging ]
♪ Fall or fly ♪
-[ Snarling ]
-♪ I don't mind. I don't mind ♪
-[ Growls ]
-♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I'll try anything ♪
-[ Banging ]
-♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I don't mind. I don't mind ♪
-[ Grunts ]
-♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I'll swing at everything ♪
-[ Yells ]
[ Banging ]
♪ Hide it all away ♪
♪ I will hide it all away ♪
-Mr. Lively?
-♪ I will hide it all inside ♪
-[ Growling softly ]
[ Roars ]
♪♪
-♪ Bottled up and coming down ♪
♪ Binge and purge and yet
you never miss a meal ♪
♪ Feast or famine.
crash and burn ♪
♪ Bolan smiling down on me ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Bolan smiling down on me ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-[ Breathing heavily ]
-Who was it?
-Principal Lively...
I think.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Okay. okay. Um...
we gotta block the doors.
Okay.
Rhys. you and I can --
Where's Sloane?
Sloane! Sloane!
-She was -- She was just here.
She was just here.
-You know what? Whatever.
You guys go.
Barricade the doors in the gym.
I'm gonna do the rest.
Let's go.
-Okay. Okay.
-Go! Let's go!
[ Steady beep ]
-Listen closely.
Once you have found
a secure location --
-Sloane!
-[ Gasps ]
-Hey. Are you alright?
-[ Breathing shakily ]
-Sloane. are you --
are you bit?
-I...I don't know.
Their...
Their blood is all over my face
and my body.
-Their blood is not
how you get it.
You get it from a bite.
That's...
That's how they change.
I've seen it.
Have you?
♪♪
[ Radio static ]
-Listen closely.
Once you have found
a secure location.
lock all doors
and cover all windows.
Do not draw attention
to yourself.
Stay where you are
and help will come soon.
[ Radio tuning ]
Lock all doors
and cover all windows.
-The message never changes.
-Do not draw attention
to yourself.
Stay where you are
and help will come soon.
[ Steady beep ]
-Here.
-Listen closely.
-Cary.
-Once you have found...
-Thank you.
-Lock all doors
and cover all windows.
Do not draw attention
to yourself.
Stay where you are
and help will come soon.
-Hey.
We made it.
Okay?
You're gonna be okay.
-Once you have found a secure
location. lock all doors...
♪♪
[ Alarm blaring ]
[ Loud banging ]
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Glass shatters ]
-[ Snarling ]
♪♪
[ Horn honking ]
-[ Grunting ]
♪♪
-[ Snarls ]
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
[ Hissing ]
[ Growling ]
♪♪
[ Dog barking in distance ]
-Hey.
Sloane.
You're Sloane. right?
You're Lilly's sister.
-Yeah.
-Hey. is she with you?
Your sister?
-Is that your house?
-No. it's not.
We got to get the hell
out of here.
-What's going on?
-Come on. We gotta go.
-Emergency! Attention!
This is not a test.
[ Alarm blaring ]
-Hey. It's a van.
Maybe we can use it.
-Fuck!
Fuck!
-Mom! Mom. are you okay?
-Hey. hey. hey!
I got you.
-Cary?
-Are you okay? You okay?
-Grace?
-Where are you guys coming from?
-Everywhere.
-I need to keep going.
-Hey. wait. wait.
Hey. where are you going?
-Come on.
-Where are you going?
-We're going to the rec center.
The rec center. Come on!
[ Blaring continues ]
[ All yelling indistinctly ]
-One more! One more! Stay back!
[ Yelling continues ]
-Hey. get back!
Get the fuck back!
-Come on!
-Don't fucking touch her!
[ Gunshot ]
We gotta go now!
[ Machine-gun fire ]
♪♪
[ Dog barking ]
-Hey! What are you doing?
We cannot draw attention
to ourselves.
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
We should have left you
bleeding in the street.
-I was checking to see
if the power was still on.
We might need it. right?
You keep yelling like that.
we won't have to worry about
whether or
not the lights attract them.
So bring it down.
It's noise that seems
to attract them.
You ever talk to me
like that again.
I'll shut your mouth for you.
♪♪
-It's clear.
-Hey. look. we need to
be staying downstairs.
-It's safer up here. Trust me.
-Sorry. Who put you in charge?
-My kids put me in charge.
I'm gonna do whatever
I need to do to keep them safe.
So you do whatever the hell
you want.
But do not question me about
what you think is best for them.
You get me?
Look. I appreciate everything
you did to get us here.
I do. but that doesn't put you
in charge.
You go downstairs if you want.
I'm staying up here with them.
-If we stay upstairs.
we're gonna entrap our--
-If they break in. we're
gonna hear them. right?
We'll get out the
master bedroom window.
we'll get onto the roof. and
we'll jump into the backyard.
It's not that high.
You saw it.
If we wait down there.
we have no time at all.
-And what makes you so sure?
♪♪
-Though -- That's how we got out
of our house alive.
My kids and me anyway.
♪♪
-You're gonna be late
for school.
Come on. get up.
-Oh. shit.
Oh!
-Hurry up.
[ Orbital's "Halcyon and On and
On" playing over headphones ]
♪♪
Stop. Here. Let me.
What did you do?
-Dad is gonna be so pissed
if I'm late for school again.
And I have a test today.
and I know I'm gonna fail.
-You're not gonna be late.
I'll drive you.
We'll take his car.
He's not gonna notice.
♪♪
You know.
I learned this from Mom.
♪♪
What? What. your test?
It's gonna be fine. Sloane.
Whoa! What?
What? What. what. what?
What's up?
Talk to me.
♪♪
-I know that you're
planning on moving out soon.
And I don't blame you.
But I don't want to be here
without you.
And if Mom was here.
I would stay.
But she's not here.
And I can't say that --
-Hey. Look at me.
What do we always say?
Hmm?
-One day at a time.
-Yeah. That's right.
That's what will get us through.
One day at a time.
Things will change.
I promise you.
I'll make sure of it.
I'll make sure he
never hurts us again.
♪♪
One day at a time.
-One day at a time.
-Exactly.
Something's wrong here.
Oh. here.
Lunch.
-♪ Nothing stays the same ♪
[ Death-metal music playing ]
♪♪
-[ Sighs ] Cool.
-Hey. wait.
Wait. wait. wait. Wait.
Happy birthday.
[ Giggles ]
You really think I'd forget?
Come on.
I'll make sure Dad does
something for you tonight.
We'll make it fun. okay?
Hey.
I love you.
-Thank you.
Can I open it tonight?
-Yeah. sure.
Okay.
Whatever. weirdo.
Bye.
♪♪
-[ Loud bang ]
-[ Gasps ]
[ Banging continues ]
♪♪
-It doesn't sound
like one of them.
-How do you know that?
-I don't know. It sounds like
an animal or something.
-Let's go out the window.
Don't. Stop.
We need to go.
-Go where?
We have to secure this place.
♪♪
[ Banging continues ]
[ Yells ]
-[ Snarling and growling ]
-We're fucking trapped!
We're fucking trapped!
-Come on!
♪♪
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Okay.
-What is it?
What do you see?
-I think it's our best bet.
The windows are reinforced.
-What's our best bet?
-Our high school.
-Is it clear?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Stay behind me.
-Wait!
♪♪
-[ Growling ]
-Oh. fuck.
-Mom!
-Run!
Get to the school!
-[ Snarling ]
[ Flesh tearing ]
♪♪
-Come on. let's go!
-[ Growling ]
-Help!
♪♪
Help!
-[ Snarling ]
♪♪
[ All growling and snarling ]
-[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Retching ]
-Sloane. I'm sorry.
I promise I'll come back
for you.
-But I want to go with you now.
-You can't. You're underage.
If you do. they're gonna
come looking for us.
I just -- I need a little bit
of more time.
[ Door slams ]
Shit. He's home early.
-Sloane!
-What?
Dad. don't.
-The school is calling me
at work now because of you.
-Dad! Just stop! Dad!
-Because of you!
-Leave her alone!
-What are you doing?!
You skipping school now?
Get out of my way!
You are a fucking embarrassment!
-She didn't do anything.
-You are a fucking
embarrassment.
Get out of my way!
Move!
[ Hand slaps ]
Get out of my fucking way!
Shit!
-You're an asshole!
No wonder Mom left you!
-Lilly. don't.
-You're drunk.
Fuck you! Give it up!
Fuck you!
[ Grunting ]
-[ Clattering ]
[ Crying ]
Fuck you!
I'm never coming back!
-Lilly. no!
No. no. no. Lilly!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no!
Don't leave me!
♪♪
-Where were you?
-Nowhere.
The water is still running
in here.
-Okay. so we should be good
on food for a while.
And the doors are secure.
Is there anything else
we have to do today?
-Yeah. I was thinking we
could start in the hall and.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Wait a second.
If Rhys is asking us
what we're all doing today.
why the hell are you answering?
No. seriously. what are
you speaking for the group now?
You're the fucking leader?
-Say what you want to say.
Tracy.
-There's no way
that street went from empty
to swarmed in 10 seconds.
But you said it was clear.
-It was clear.
They move fast.
-It wasn't.
But you let her go anyway.
didn't you?
-We were all...
swarmed out there.
What do you want?
-I know what you did.
I fucking saw.
-Trace. Take it easy. okay?
-You're a fucking murderer.
-What did you say?
[ Both grunting ]
-Come on!
-You think you're tough. huh?
You think you're tough?
-Enough!
-Stop!
-You fucking asshole!
You think you can do
any fucking better?
Hey. dickhead!
-Get off!
-Get off me!
-Relax! Relax!
-I'm good.
What? Huh? What?
-Stop it. Stop it.
-Go!
-Hey! Stop it. Cary!
-What?
-Fuck you!
-Stop! Stop!
-What are you gonna do?
-Sloane?
-Yeah.
-I found these
in the drama department.
You said the water
was still running?
♪♪
[ Shower running ]
-Thank you.
♪♪
-I'm just asking. but...
What did you see
in the street?
-I saw what you saw.
♪♪
Grace. I'm sorry about your mom.
-Can you just give me
a minute?
♪♪
-Oh. my God.
-What?
-I'm just thinking about
the last time
I was in this classroom
with you.
It was...
It was all normal.
♪♪
-Do you guys think it was
the government
and it's just local?
-No. I think they would have
bombed the shit out of us by now
if that were the case.
-If it's global.
I doubt anyone's coming for us.
-Yeah.
but Cortez is a small town.
so...maybe it's just taking
a while for them to get here.
I mean.
if you think it's crazy here.
imagine what it's like
in the city.
-Was anyone here sick?
Remember. there was that flu
that was going around
a few weeks ago?
-I don't think it was the flu.
It's just a weird timing thing.
-This place is a coffin.
♪♪
[ Panting ]
[ Loud banging ]
-[ Growling ]
♪♪
-They're
at the front doors. too.
-They know that we're in here!
Okay. we need more barricades.
[ Zombies growling ]
♪♪
[ Banging continues ]
-Why aren't they at this door?
-Because of
the high fence surrounding
the field to the street.
They can't get in.
-That's it then.
-That's what?
-This is where we come
if we need to escape.
[ Furniture scraping on floor ]
[ Zombies grunting
and growling ]
-[ Cries softly ]
♪♪
-Hey.
We've been looking for you
for. like. an hour.
I mean. I didn't think
anything bad happened to you.
but I was just...
-Yeah.
it's just quieter over here.
-[ Sighs ]
-I keep seeing you. like.
wandering off.
which I think is kind of stupid.
but...
What do you think?
-What do I think what?
-I-I feel like we don't
really hear much from you. so...
-Maybe I don't have a lot
to say.
-Mm-hmm.
Do you know
where your family is?
-Dead like yours.
-You didn't have to say that.
-I know. I know.
I'm sorry. I don't know...
-It's okay. it's fine.
-[ Sighs ]
I don't know. It's just --
It's a -- It's a lot.
All of it is a lot. you know?
-Yeah.
But. you know. with you.
it kind of feels...different.
[ Chuckles awkwardly ]
-You know.
I've always been quiet.
But you didn't really know me
before. so...
-No. I know you.
You're Sloane Price.
Your locker's diagonal
from mine.
You and your sister. Lilly.
were. like. attached at the hip.
you know?
It was the two of you
and nobody else.
Yeah. And I remember
that one time
that you dyed your hair blonde.
[ Explosion ]
We gotta go. Let's go.
-That's not coming from inside.
What is it?
-Hey. Grace! Stop! No. wait!
I want to see what
the fuck is going on.
-Just wait a second.
-Jesus Christ.
It's like I can't fucking
breathe without asking you.
-Take a poster down and look.
-Just stop.
-Holy shit.
They're leaving.
-Oh. my God.
They are.
What is that?
Where is that?
-I think that's Rousseau's
gas station.
♪♪
-[ Sighs ] Can I have the keys?
I want to go exploring.
-No. I don't think
that's a good idea.
-I don't really give
a shit what you think.
-He has every right to them
that you do. Cary.
-[ Sighs ]
[ Keys jingling ]
-I'm gonna come with you.
-Me too.
♪♪
-We should go raid
the lockers.
-That's like...
That's grave robbing.
-Well. if I turn into one
of those things.
you can take anything
you want from me.
-Fair enough.
[ Hisses ]
[ Keys jingle ]
♪♪
-Holy shit.
Hey. check this out.
Huh?
-So. do we...
drink it 'cause we're all
still alive or...
when we know
we're all gonna die?
♪♪
-[ Winces ]
Mnh-mnh.
-[ Laughter ]
-[ Sighs ]
Nah. I'm good.
-Come on.
Sometimes you gotta
say. "What the fuck?"
Right. Cary?
-Are we just gonna. like.
pass it around or...
-Drinking game?
-Never have I ever...
cheated on a test.
-Oh. I call bullshit.
-When you're smart.
You don't have to.
-[ Coughs ]
-Okay. um...
never have I ever had sex
in the school bathroom.
-Wait. what?
Well. who? Actually. no.
No. you know what?
I don't want to fucking know.
I hope they're fucking dead.
-I got a chill
when you said that.
That's crazy.
-Uh. never have I ever...
been in love.
♪♪
-[ Groaning ]
[ Yells ]
-[ Gasps ]
♪♪
-[ Whispering ] Grace. Grace.
You gotta wake up.
Someone's in the school.
Someone got in.
-What?
♪♪
[ Clattering ]
-What the fuck was that?
What?
♪♪
-[ Gasps ]
-Mr. Baxter?
-[ Whispering ] Guys.
we should get the gun.
♪♪
-[ Yells loudly ]
[ All gasp ]
-Hey. how'd you get in here?
-Where's my gun?
I had a gun.
-Hey.
Hey. hey. hey. Listen to me.
How did you get in here?
-The radio.
Has it changed?
-Unh-unh.
-So you banded together
and got here all by ourselves?
-We almost didn't make it.
-Well. the barricades are
pretty incredible.
Testament to teenage ingenuity.
[ Chuckles softly ]
Look how safe we are.
-We're not safe.
You got in.
So those things can get in.
How'd you get in?
-I. uh. I don't remember.
-What's it like now
on the outside?
-It seems safer.
They. uh. wait.
Now they seem to wait.
It's quieter.
It's not safer.
-So you remember all that
about out there
and have no idea
how you got in here?
-Why would I make that up?
Why would I lie about that?
Why would I do that?
-I don't know.
Mr. Baxter. why would you?
-Okay. you know what?
Also. enough
with the Mr. Baxter.
[ Coughing ]
I'm clearly
not your teacher anymore.
Hey. uh. how about a shower?
-Finish eating.
I'll take you to one
with running water.
-Thank you.
You're just gonna stand there
while I eat?
-Doesn't feel good. does it?
-What?
-Why were you just watching me
in the hallway?
-What do you mean?
-I know it was you.
You just stood there
and watched me.
-Sounds like you're
accusing me of something.
-I know it was you.
-I heard some noise
in the hallway.
I went out to see
if it was one of those things.
I had to check.
Okay?
I'm just as scared as you are.
-Well.
clearly not scared enough.
You knew about us
before you saw me.
You came into the gym.
You watched us sleep. I...
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
The end of the world
is a lonely place.
Even for a beautiful girl
like you. Sloane.
♪♪
How about that shower?
--You still have that gun?
-Gun?
He had a fucking gun?
-Yeah.
-Where is it?
-I have it.
-Let me see it.
If we need it. I'll use it.
Okay?
-I don't trust him.
♪♪
-Use the center stall.
-Thanks.
♪♪
-You think he's been
listening to us?
-I don't think so.
I mean. we would have seen him.
I...I just...
-You just what?
-I know he touched my face
when I was sleeping.
-That's so creepy.
-Mr. Baxter?
Baxter?!
♪♪
[ Shower running ]
-Maybe he's just testing us.
-Yeah. Yeah. right.
Like. you know.
we keep him around hoping
that he'll eventually tell us.
right?
But the whole time. he's gonna
be holding it over our heads
because that's his
only leverage.
-No. he thinks he can
just come in here and take over.
-Jesus Christ.
he's just our English teacher.
Okay. we've talked to him
for 20 minutes.
and we're making him
out to be an evil...
[ Door opens ]
-Rhys.
Where's the gun?
-Hey. what's going on?
-He's bitten.
Baxter's infected.
-Shit!
-Wait. wait. Where?
-It's on his arm.
I saw him getting in the shower.
We need to get him the fuck
out of here right now.
Where is the gun?!
-Right here. It's right here.
Before you go. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
What are you gonna do?
You're just gonna go in there
and you're gonna...
You're gonna shoot him?
-Yes. we have to. Okay?
-We don't. We don't.
What -- Was -- Was he cold?
-What?
-Like his temperature?
Was he cold?
-I don't know!
He's fucking bitten. Rhys!
Okay? He has teeth marks
on his arm.
He's -- He's fucking infected.
-No. he doesn't --
-You want to kill me?
-You're infected.
-I'm not infected.
-I saw it.
I saw your arm.
-Mr. Baxter...
just show us the bite. please.
-Are you listening to
what I'm saying?
-No! You fucking listen to me.
Show me your bite.
-Okay. okay. okay.
Take it easy.
-Show us the fucking bite!
-It's not what you think.
♪♪
-Now!
Hey!
-Hey!
-Stop! Stop!
-Stop it! Hey!
-Get him!
♪♪
-Which arm? Which arm was it?
-Get him over!
-No. no. no. no. no. no!
-Oh. shoot.
♪♪
-It's not what you think.
-How did this happen?
Who did it?
-I'm not infected.
-You seriously want us
to think that didn't come
from one of those things?
-Guys.
I think he's telling the truth.
-Bullshit! He just doesn't want
to fucking die!
-Who has the gun?
Who has the fucking gun?
-What?
-Sloane.
-No. no!
-Shoot him!
-Jesus. Sloane. no!
-No. no. no. no. no!
-Sloane...
-[ Blubbering ]
-Jesus. No. Sloane.
put the gun down. please.
-Please.
-What do you want me to do?
-Shoot him!
Fucking shoot him. Sloane!
Fucking shoot him!
Just shoot him!
-Shoot him.
-Do it. Sloane!
Shoot him in the fucking head!
He deserves it!
-Don't kill him!
-Please! Please!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
I'll leave. Okay?
I'll just fucking leave.
Okay?
If you make me go out there.
I'm dead anyway.
-I don't care. Get out.
-Okay. Okay. okay.
You want to know the truth?
I'll tell you the truth.
I'll tell you everything.
Okay?
Like you. I decided the best
place to come was the school.
So I started making my way here.
and I...
...I met up with
this other survivor.
This guy. I never got his name.
And we helped each other
to survive.
And when we saw the school.
we could see that it
was surrounded by those things.
There were so many of them.
So we came around back and
they noticed us and they came.
I broke the latch off a window.
but there's only room for one of
us to crawl through at a time.
And I took it.
I went first. and I...
I didn't reach back to help him.
And they were on him.
And they grabbed his legs and
they were tearing at his flesh.
and he was screaming and he was
begging for me to pull him in.
and I did. I did. I did.
I snapped out of it.
I reached my hand through. and
I pulled him through the window.
and just as I got him through.
he bit me.
-Why?
-He knew he was done and
he wanted to take me with him.
-What did you do?
-I closed the window.
but I could see that his leg.
it was torn to shreds.
So I...
-You what?
-I hit him in the head...
again and again and again.
And I kicked him
until there was nothing left.
I had to make sure.
-What window?
Where exactly did you break in?
-It was the boiler room.
-You're a lying piece of shit.
-I'm telling the truth.
Get the fuck out.
-I am not infected.
-Leave!
♪♪
-[ Sighs ]
You want me to go?
The least you can do
is open the door for me.
-Okay.
♪♪
-[ Screaming ]
Shit! God damn it!
-I'm not infected.
Now you'll see.
-Trace.
-Get him out the door now!
Get him out the door now
or I'm gonna fucking shoot him!
-Okay!
-Go!
-Get the door.
-[ Gasps ]
♪♪
-[ Groans ]
-Whoa. whoa. wait a second.
wait a second.
Cary's bit.
Doesn't he have to go
outside now?
-Huh? What?
No. it's not like that.
-Trace.
-We just did the same thing
to Baxter for being bit.
Cary. which fucking door
do you want to leave from?
-No. I fucking brought us here!
What are you talking about?!
-Give me the gun.
What we're gonna do
is we're gonna put him
in the nurse's office
and if there's any changes --
-Why are we doing that for him
and not Baxter. huh?
-Because it's Cary.
Rhys is right.
-Grace. he's bitten.
-I'm bringing him
to the nurse's office.
♪♪
We just have to wait
and see it through.
Okay? We'll bring you
food and water.
-I don't think
that you're infected.
♪♪
-Hey.
Thank you.
♪♪
-Here.
-How did you...
-I found it on the floor
in the library.
-Did you read it?
-Sloane. is this how you feel?
-Yeah. I don't really
want to talk about it.
-Okay.
So you know it is
right then. right?
I mean. if you think that
there's nothing left for you.
nothing left for us.
why haven't you just left?
Gone out the door
and just ended it?
Obviously you want to stay
for something. right?
-I don't speak for anybody.
If you think
that Cary's not infected.
then why did you lock the door?
-I'm an optimist.
-No. don't bullshit me.
-I don't know.
-Why do you think that?
-When people get bit.
they. um...
...they get really cold.
-How do you know that?
-It really doesn't matter.
-Okay. so if
Mr. Baxter wasn't infected.
then why did you let him
out there to die?
I don't understand.
-Are you kidding me?
I'm the only reason that
Mr. Baxter is alive right now!
♪♪
-Rhys. your parents turned.
didn't they?
-I mean. my dad. he just...
God.
He turned right in front of me.
and his skin just got so cold.
Then he attacked my mom.
All that I had was a golf club.
and...
He attacked her.
and I needed to protect her.
Right? So I...
♪♪
[ Sniffles ]
And I didn't realize
with everything going on
and the adrenaline
and everything that she...
...was bit by him.
♪♪
But. look. you -- you can't
judge me. okay?
If you were in my position.
you would have done
the exact same thing.
It's not them anymore
at that point.
♪♪
[ Grunting and moaning ]
-Hey.
I need to talk to you.
-Sloane. what...?
♪♪
-Do not attempt to.
-What?
-Did you hear that?
-We never checked it.
did we?
-Check what?
♪♪
-Oh. my God.
-...infected.
Do not attempt to assist them.
-It's pretty far.
[ Door opens ]
What the hell?
We all agreed on three days.
Put him back.
-He was telling the truth.
-Who?
-Mr. Baxter.
We found the body
in the boiler room.
We never checked it.
and that's where he got in.
-I saw it. too.
-It doesn't matter anyways.
guys.
You have to listen to this.
-Emergency shelter at the
following location -- Rayford.
All survivors proceed to
shelter for medical processing.
If you encounter anyone
you suspect to be infected.
do not attempt to assist them.
-Holy shit.
-Rayford.
-100 miles away.
-We could find a car.
We could take the back roads.
-What does medical processing
even mean?
-I think we should stay here.
It's safer here
than it is out there.
I mean. we've got food. shelter.
medical supplies.
-We're gonna run out of food!
-I don't want to go.
-Trace.
We have to do things
we don't want to do
if we're gonna make it. okay?
-If we go out there.
he's gonna throw all of us
under the bus again.
just like he did with our mom.
-This is exactly what
we've been waiting for. man.
-Trace...
-What. do you just --
You just want us
to wait around all day?
What are you gonna do about it?
-Trace!
We can't stay here.
-We're all gonna fucking die.
-We're gonna run out of food.
-We can't listen to him. okay?
We can't listen to him.
-No. We need to leave.
We should leave now.
-We have food for months.
♪♪
-Shit.
There.
♪♪
-It's Mr. Baxter.
-[ Gasping ]
♪♪
-He's alive.
Mr. Baxter. Mr. Baxter.
Can you hear me?
Mr. Baxter.
-Careful.
-[ Gasping ]
-Mr. Baxter.
-Let's just leave him here.
We're gonna go anyways. right?
-Wait.
That's his blood.
Cary...
The bite that he had...
What arm was it?
-His right.
-He's freezing.
-Grace.
Grace. you need to step back.
-He's...
-Grace! Get up!
-[ Snarling ]
-[ Screaming ]
-[ Growling ]
-Grace. no!
-Get him off me! Get him off!
Get him off! God!
[ Screaming ] Help!
-Trace. shoot him!
Shoot him!
-[ Snarling ]
-Just shoot him!
[ Gunshot ]
-[ Speaking demonically ]
♪♪
-Grace. Grace. Are --
Are you hit? Are you okay?
-[ Mumbling ]
-Hey. Hey. come here.
come here. come here.
-[ Whimpering ]
-Oh. no. no. no.
♪♪
Come here. come here.
It's okay.
-[ Panting ]
-Oh. no.
-[ Whimpering ]
♪♪
-What -- What do I do?
No. It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
You're fine.
You're gonna be fine.
You're gonna be okay.
It's okay.
Don't fucking touch her!
[ Sobbing ]
You're okay.
You're okay. you're okay.
[ Sobbing ]
♪♪
No!
-No.
-Stay back!
♪♪
-Hey.
Cary. I know that
you guys were close.
I saw you.
-You didn't see shit. Sloane.
-Well. I just wanted to say
that I'm sorry.
-You know. we must be
the stupidest people ever.
-Why do you say that?
-For having any kind of hope.
-Trace.
-Hey. stop!
Trace. stop!
Trace! Stop!
-I had the shot!
-Come on.
-I had the shot.
and you ruined it!
You fucking bitch!
Get off me! Sloane!
You fucking tell her!
You killed her. Sloane!
No! No!
-[ Sobs ]
-Get the fuck off me!
Sloane!
Aah! Aah!
[ Yells indistinctly ]
-[ Groaning ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
-Hey. he's not gonna
bother you again.
Rhys and I made sure of that.
-Sloane. are you okay?
-Do you see it?
Do you see the message?
-What?
-Yeah.
-Sloane...
this message is old.
-I know there's
no service anymore.
but it's not that old.
We can go there.
We can go there
on the way to Rayford.
My dad has a car.
If she says it's safe.
then it's safe.
-Sloane. I don't know
if that's a good idea.
-It doesn't matter.
It's on the way.
-Okay. Hey. nobody said
that we couldn't stop there.
-I don't even know
why I'm asking for permission.
I'm just gonna go myself.
-Hey!
I'm gonna go with you. okay?
First thing tomorrow morning.
-I'll help you.
I'll help you get to
your sister.
Sloane. do you want Trace
to come with us?
-He's coming.
-Okay. I'll tell him.
-It's okay. I will.
-Sloane.
Are you sure?
-Yeah.
I mean. we need the gun anyway.
And we need him.
-Okay. then. uh.
I'll come with.
-No. It's okay.
I want to face him.
I just wanted to let you know --
-Sorry...
...Sloane.
It's all gone.
They're all gone.
-Trace. we're gonna...
We're gonna leave here
pretty soon.
and we could really use you
and the...
-The gun.
Yeah.
Sloane...
can you forgive me?
-I would have done
the same thing for my sister.
I forgive you.
-Thank you.
[ Gunshot ]
-[ Gasps ]
[ Breathing shakily ]
-What happened?
We heard a shot.
-Trace is gone.
-What?
-He shot himself
in front of me.
-Let's go.
Let's get out of here.
-We'll hop the fence.
take back roads
until we get to Sloane's house.
Hey. [ Sighs ]
You ready?
♪♪
-[ Growling softly ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Hissing ]
♪♪
[ Gun clicks ]
-Shit.
[ All growling ]
-Run!
♪♪
-The car!
[ Car alarm beeping loudly ]
[ Zombies growling ]
♪♪
[ Beeping continues ]
[ Dog barking ]
-Shit.
[ Alarm blaring ]
[ Blaring stops ]
♪♪
-[ Gasps ]
[ Breathing shakily ]
♪♪
[ Glass shatters ]
-Fuck! They must have heard
the alarm.
-We can't stay here.
We gotta go.
We gotta fucking -- What?
-They're everywhere.
Fuck! Um...Uh...
I'll go first. I'll go first.
Okay? I'll distract 'em.
-Cary. that's crazy.
-No. I promised. I promised you
that I would help
you get to your sister. okay?
I'll go first.
It'll buy you some time. Okay?
I'll meet you at your house.
-No. Cary.
No. we're not gonna leave you.
-It's like you said. Sloane.
Sometimes you gotta say.
"What the fuck." right?
[ Zombies growling ]
♪♪
-Hey!
-Cary!
-That's it right there.
That's my house.
♪♪
-[ Snarling ]
Oh. my God.
That's them.
They did that.
♪♪
[ Zombie groaning ]
-Okay.
We'll wait for them to clear.
and then we'll cross.
-Okay.
[ Footsteps ]
♪♪
-[ Snarling ]
-[ Breathing raspily ]
♪♪
[ Groaning ]
Oh!
♪♪
-Shit.
That's our way in.
♪♪
Oh!
[ Breathing heavily ]
-You got this.
♪♪
-We made it.
We made it. right?
We're here?
-Yeah.
We're here.
♪♪
-Wait here a second.
Lilly?
♪♪
Lil?
-Boo.
♪♪
-Lilly.
-[ Roars ]
[ Screaming ]
♪♪
-Lilly!
-[ Screaming ]
♪♪
-[ Growls ]
-Help!
-[ Screaming ]
-Aah!
Aaaaahh!
[ Panting ]
♪♪
[ Sobbing ]
[ Garage door opens ]
♪♪
-[ Sighs ]
Hey.
Sloane.
Are you ready?
-[ Keys jingling ]
-Yep.
♪♪
[ Radio static ]
-Emergency shelter at the
following location -- Rayford.
All survivors proceed to
shelter for medical processing.
If you encounter anyone
you suspect to be infected...
[ The Age of Electric's
"I Don't Mind" playing ]
♪♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Bottled up and coming down ♪
-♪ Binge and purge and yet
you never miss a meal ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Fashion equals fascism ♪
-♪ Bolan smiling down
on your empty intentions ♪
♪ Vacant grace ♪
♪ Fall or fly ♪
-♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I don't mind. I don't mind ♪
-♪ Fall or fly ♪
-♪ I'll try anything ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Hypersensitive ♪
-♪ Keep me up like greasy spoon
truck-stop coffee ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Supermodel razorburn ♪
-♪ Talking circle graphs ♪
♪ And eye candy and fun fur ♪
♪ PVC ♪
♪ Fall or fly ♪
♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I don't mind. I don't mind ♪
-♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I'll try anything ♪
-♪ I don't mind. I don't mind ♪
-♪ I don't mind ♪
-♪ I'll swing at everything ♪
♪ Hide it all away ♪
♪ I will hide it all away ♪
-♪ I will hide it all inside ♪
♪♪
♪ Bottled up and coming down ♪
♪ Binge and purge and yet
you never miss a meal ♪
♪ Feast or famine.
crash and burn ♪
♪ Bolan smiling down on me ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Bolan smiling down on me ♪
♪ Bolan smiling down on ♪
♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-